# BBGO Individual Contributor License Agreement

### *Adapted from http://www.apache.org/licenses/ © Apache Software Foundation.*

In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any person or entity, BBGO must have a Contributor License Agreement ("CLA") on file that has been signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms below. This CLA is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of BBGO and its users; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.

Please read this document carefully before signing and keep a copy for your records.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for your present and future Contributions Submitted to BBGO. In return, BBGO shall not use your Contributions in a way that is contrary to the public benefit or inconsistent with its nonprofit status and bylaws in effect at the time of the Contribution. Except for the license granted herein to BBGO and recipients of software distributed by BBGO, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to your Contributions.

1. Definitions. "You" (or "Contributor") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this CLA with BBGO. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor.

	For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

	"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally Submitted by You to BBGO for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by BBGO (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "Submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to BBGO or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, BBGO for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this CLA, You hereby grant to BBGO and to recipients of software distributed by BBGO a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute your Contributions and such derivative works.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this CLA, You hereby grant to BBGO and to recipients of software distributed by BBGO a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was Submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this CLA for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to BBGO, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with BBGO.

5. You represent that each of your Contributions is your original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You represent that your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of your Contributions.

6. You are not expected to provide support for your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. You commit not to copy code from another project which license does not allow the duplication / reuse / modification of their source code and / or license is not compatible with the project you are contributing to. As a reminder, a project without an explicit license must be considered as a project with a copyrighted license.

8. You agree to notify BBGO of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.
